This extension enables using 'file://' links on intranet sites, as long as their URL begins with 'file://192' or 'file://srvfps'
This was developed to enable linking to resources on SRVFPS03 from the MediaWiki while retaining Windows Group Policy folder access permissions.


INSTALLATION

	A registry edit to enable custom extensions in Edge needs to be applied to the following path :

	       \HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\ExtensionInstallAllowlist
		Type : REG_SZ String Value
		Name : '1' 
		Data : 'kiihellpjdpnffcenbihbgjicnopgmaa'
	
	This can be applied manually or via /ExtensionInstallAllowlist.reg
	This will later be applied to target machines via group policy.
		
	Open Edge and go to the extensions page by navigating to edge://extensions
	In the bottom left hand corner of the screen click on Developer Mode to toggle it on.
	Drag and drop 121 File Link Extension/121 Local File Links.crx onto the edge://extensions window.
	The extension icon will now appear on the Edge toolbar at the top of the screen - right click on it and select hide from toolbar.
	
	If the extension ever needs to be repackaged then the .pem key file must be used in order to not break the windows policy. 
	Failing to use the .pem will generate a .crx which has a different ID, which is what the group policy targets.
	

CHANGELOG

	v0.7.0
	Initial release

	v0.7.1
	Links to both 'file://192' and 'file://srvfps' now work.
	Failed load of file:// url now displays message with link to IT Bug Reporter.
	Updated extension name to '121 File Links'
	Removed un-needed French and Japanese localizations.

	v0.7.2
	Previous release was a lie, the different url strings didn't completely work as intended.
	Now any file link that starts with 'file://192.168.', 'file://srvfps' or contains '.121systems.com' will work.
	File links now open in the same browser tab rather than a new one. The new tab generated by this extension would
	make the tab to the right the active one, rather than the normal behaviour of going back to the tab that opened it
	due to using the 'chrome.tabs.update' API function to make a new tab and then navigate it to the targeted URL.
	This behaviour bugged the hell out of me, and I've squashed it.  


BUGS

	Ctrl + Click and Shift + Click don't open file links in a new tab/window respectively.
	The new window can be opened as a popup instead, but this also disallows opening the link in a new tab, or the current tab.
	This can be done by changing the contents of background.js from :

	const openLocalFile = (localFileUrl, baseTab) => {
		chrome.tabs.update({
		url: localFileUrl,
		});
	};

	/* TO */

	const openLocalFile = (localFileUrl, baseTab) => {
		chrome.windows.create({
		url: localFileUrl,
		type: "popup",
		});
	};


LICENSE

	Based on open-source extension "Enable local file links" on GitHub under MIT License.
	https://github.com/tksugimoto/chrome-extension_open-local-file-link
	Forked from source version 0.7.0 on 17/09/2021

	MIT License

	Copyright (c) 2017 Takashi Sugimoto

	Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
	of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
	in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
	to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
	copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
	furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

	The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
	copies or substantial portions of the Software.

	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
	IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
	FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
	AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
	LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
	OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
	SOFTWARE.